Are you looking for a Istanbul real estate 2022 , Or about the cheapest property in Turkey , Or about Turkish

citizenship and ways to obtain it

All this and more, through this report submitted to you by Masar Istanbul Company, through which we will provide you with advice and guidance for some Istanbul projects on its European and Asian sides
the
foreign investors !
Historically known as Constantinople, Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey. It is situated in the Bosporus strait, an area between Asia and Europe and is the only metropolis that spreads itself between two continents. The city encompasses about 39 districts of the Istanbul province and the famous Golden Horn harbor.

Looking into the financial sector, Turkey, the country and mainly the Istanbul city have a steadily growing economy. Though Ankara is the political capital, this historic city still remains as the financial capital of Turkey. The real estate market in particular has a large role there. Many people find Istanbul as an investment friendly city with a wide scope to develop. A rapidly developing economy, large youth population and increasing

number of wealthy consumers has enhanced the real estate

real estate market
Analyzing the real estate area, one can readily come across a number of solid facts that are useful in buying real estate in Istanbul.These range from the cultural dimensions to the adaptation of modern world’s economic policies. A prime factor is the high western exposure the people of Istanbul are subjected to. Being linked with the Council of Europe, G-20 like associations, Turkey offers its people, tourists and investors a good western environment.

The day-by-day increasing corporate set up’s and companies has proven advantageous for the real estate.Getting included in the list of top conference cities in the world, made more people buying real estate in Istanbul. Tourism is another key point. Compared to its neighboring troublesome nations in the Middle-East, Turkey was able to maintain its status as a tourist hot spot. With the government providing endorsements, buying istanbul real estate has become a relatively easy task.

Demographic features form an important factor in the promotion of Istanbul real estate. Recent studies shows that the population growth rate is around 400,000 inhabitants per year, showing an urgent need for quality housing and environment and thereby the need for overseas investment in real estate. The increasing urbanization rate has also made corporates buying real estate more. Also the recent changes in the country’s laws concerning foreign ownership have made the area a less risky zone
https://massaristanbul.com/
